Add note about behaviour of asserts in batch jobs (#1573)
UCL/TLOmodel: docs/azure_batch.rst

*Submit scenario to Azure Batch*::

    tlo batch-submit src/scripts/dev/tlo_q1_demo.py
    
.. note:: **Behaviour of assert statements**

>    Scenario runs submitted with tlo batch-submit will be default run with any assert statements disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Scenario runs submitted with ``tlo batch-submit`` will by default run with any assert statements disabled.
```

>    Typically these are only needed for initial checking of correctness of code during local runs but as they add some overhead, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Typically, these are used for checking correctness of code in tests and local runs but as they add some overhead, 
```

   we can get a useful speed-up by disabling them on longer jobs. 

>    To run jobs with assertions enabled pass the ``--asserts-on flag`` to ``tlo batch-submit``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To run jobs with assertions enabled pass the ``--asserts-on`` flag` to ``tlo batch-submit``.
```
